---
id: 3648
title: About 35°C in the shade
date: 2015-12-10T09:30:09+00:00
author: adewils
excerpt: "'Opening the wardrobe door' was a recent writing prompt I was given. Quick as a flash fiction writer, I came up with this..."
layout: post
guid: http://adrianwilson.co.uk/blog/?p=3648
permalink: /flash-fiction/about-35c/
block:
  - ""
  - ""
date_recorded:
  - ""
  - ""
explicit:
  - ""
  - ""
filesize:
  - ""
  - ""
audio_file:
  - ""
  - ""
duration:
  - ""
  - ""
episode_type:
  - audio
  - audio
slide_template:
  - ""
  - ""
rp4wp_auto_linked:
  - "1"
  - "1"
image: /wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Singleton-Whiskey-e1528988523716.jpg
categories:
  - Flash fiction
---
<span><span><a href="https://www.adewils.com/">Home</a></span></p> 

<p>
  &#8216;Opening the wardrobe door&#8217; was a recent writing prompt I was given. Quick as a <a href="https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flash_fiction" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">flash fiction</a> writer, I came up with this&#8230; <!--more-->
</p>

<hr width="85%" />

<p>
  <em>Opening the wardrobe door</em> I knew I&#8217;d come upstairs for something but I couldn&#8217;t remember what. I took a slug from the good bottle of whisky in my hand and thought about it a while. A shotgun, slippers, a file? No&#8230; gone clean out of my mind. What the hell.
</p>

<p>
  I looked out the window for inspiration and recognised the blonde-headed Mrs Kennedy teetering along on high heels, leading Hector her chihuahua on a red leather lead. It must be leather. She doesn&#8217;t do &#8220;cheap&#8221;.
</p>

<p>
  Leaning out the window I yelled &#8220;Hey toots, where are ya taking my buddy? He promised to spend the afternoon with me and a bottle of tequila. He had to bring the limes, on account of I&#8217;m fresh out, but I have a delicate pink sea salt from some pans in Tijuana I was gonna throw in.&#8221;
</p>

<p>
  She didn&#8217;t reply. She was ignoring me, but I carried on anyway &#8220;Yeah I know he has difficulty with the salt between his claws. That&#8217;s the difference between us and the lower castes though (sorry H! don&#8217;t mean to be rude)&#8230; no opposable thumbs or some goddamn nonsense.&#8221;
</p>

<p>
  Good slug on the whisky here. That&#8217;s a bottle of The Singleton my sister Amy brought back from a visit to some shitty Scottish island&#8230;
</p>

<p>
  Anyways turns out Mrs Kennedy couldn&#8217;t hear me on account of some kind of cavalcade running down the street. Cheerleaders and other nonsense. Mind you there were some cute looking girls there I had to admit. I could see Hector paying attention. Two timing little bastard. Next time I see him he can sort his own salt out. See how he&#8217;d like that. In fact&#8230;
</p>

<p>
  I turned round as I thought I had an air rifle somewhere in the deep recesses of that walnut wardrobe. Yes! Got you baby. I dropped the green bottle behind me on a table I think and yeah I checked it. That baby wasn&#8217;t going anywhere &#8216;cept down my throat. Levelling the rifle. I&#8217;d already decided it was going to be Hector&#8217;s tush.
</p>

<p>
  I&#8217;ll show him, stealing my wimmin. I&#8217;ll give it to him and I loosed off a round of pellets. Warm afternoon, Jesus about 35°C in the shade, sweat must have got in my eyes or the thermals grabbed the buckshot. Next thing I know Mrs K&#8217;s got both palms on her ass. Now that looks plain odd. It&#8217;s not the kind of thing I&#8217;d expect from a woman of her stock. Wasn&#8217;t her Daddy, Mayor of this County once upon a time, before they caught him en flagrante dilecto or somethin&#8217;, in a cupboard with some man servant? And he was a black servant, goddamn it. The nerve of these people. She was shrieking that&#8217;s for sure. Kinda funny for a minute. Um&#8230; what&#8217;ve I done now?
</p>

<p>
  Jesus this needs a big shot. I gulped it down. Didn&#8217;t half sting my throat. Y&#8217;know how it gets you sometimes, like it&#8217;s gone down an airway or something? It was like that. Watery eyes &#8216;n&#8217; all.
</p>

<p>
  &#8220;Sorry Mrs K I was aiming for the pooch! Goddamn lecherous wetback animal.&#8221; Next thing I saw her talking to a cop&#8230;
</p>

<p>
  Where&#8217;s that damn bottle?
</p>