---
id: 54204
title: The Empuhuh
date: 2016-10-22T10:36:57+01:00
author: adewils
excerpt: RoryStoryCubes helped me write this piece of flash fiction about a dog, a dragonfly and a dragon in a spare half-hour.
layout: post
guid: http://adewils.com/?p=54204
permalink: /flash-fiction/empuhuh/
slide_template:
  - default
  - default
rp4wp_auto_linked:
  - "1"
  - "1"
image: /wp-content/uploads/2016/08/fox-88956_1280.jpg
categories:
  - Flash fiction
---
<pre class="wp-block-preformatted has-small-font-size">At a meet-up I had 20 minutes to write something based on the word '<strong>empire</strong>', so I turned to my trusty <a href="https://www.storycubes.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Rory Story Cubes</a> app as the other writers chatted. I 'rolled' 4 cubes on my phone to act as prompts, and they helped me write 'The Emp'uh'uh' that night. I seem to remember the image on one cube was a dragonfly, another a cat, but I can't remember the others. Normally I photograph them to remind me. Sometimes the writing goes well and I was pleased with my imagination in this one. See what you think...</pre>



Coming down from a happy howl, Lonnie thought &#8220;Dang, I feel good!&#8221;

He narrowed his yellow eyes, taking in his little empire. There were the cows huddling, heads together, complaining about him he&#8217;d guess. A shouting, snuffling grunt let him know Perry was somewhere close by. Things were looking O-keh.

A dark shape obscured the sun momentarily. &#8220;Damnation! A cloud on a day like this,&#8221; he growled.

&#8220;More like a visitation, I’d say,&#8221; meowed Feel, who had drifted silently onto the scene, around the chicken manure, which was scenting the hot Kansas air.

Lon was a little disturbed by Feel&#8217;s appearance, as he&#8217;d been planning a roll in the ordure. &#8220;Whaddya want Feel? You&#8217;re interruptin&#8217; me!&#8221; he muttered.

&#8220;Well I&#8217;m so sorry Lonnie. I never meant to cut through yo&#8217; train of thought, hun. I know how important yo&#8217; time is.&#8221; She sat down opened her back legs and started rhythmically washing her tail, while at the same time keeping a weather eye on the main man. The Emp&#8217;uh&#8217;uh, Lonnie.

After all Lonnie figured he was the most important animal in the vicinity and Feel knew it. He was the Emp&#8217;uh&#8217;uh of the Farmyard. No animal breathed here, without his say-so. If the farmer thought he was in charge Lonnie would let him know he had another think coming.

&#8220;I just wanted to let you know &#8230;&#8221; Feel paused in her ablutions &#8220;about the dragon. That&#8217;s all.&#8221; and she carried on washing while Lonnie scratched the side of his flea-bitten head thinking this through.

&#8220;Whut dragon? You mean Ole Harry&#8217;s got himself a new wagon??&#8221;

&#8220;Nope&#8221; purred Feel preening her whiskers.

&#8220;Oh I see&#8230; a new combine! Jeez as if that ole fool actually has any wheat growing in them poor fields anyways. Good money after bad, Feel. Mark my words.&#8221;

The cat shook her head. &#8220;Nope. Not one of them, neither.&#8221;

&#8220;So who told you about this &#8211; dragon, you say?&#8221;

Feel nodded helpfully. She wanted to help Lonnie, but sometimes it was very difficult.

&#8220;Who was it mentioned it to ya?&#8221;

&#8220;Oh&#8230;&#8221; she said &#8220;it was my little friend Dazzle.&#8221;

Lonnie&#8217;s brows creased together like an angry pair of hornets fighting. &#8220;An&#8217; who the hell&#8217;s that?! One of they ducks, ah suppose.&#8221;

But at that moment a small winged, whirring greeny-blue insect arrived and hovered just in front of Feel. (Fortunately it had the good sense to stay well away from Lonnie, who appeared to be a lower and more dangerous life form than this cat.) While Lonnie watched, shaking his head in disbelief, Feel looked up and said &#8220;Yep, yep&#8230; I told him. He ain&#8217;t bothered though.&#8221;

Feel shook her head and trotted away quickly, tail swinging, while the dragonfly quickly disappeared into the brilliant blue sky. A moment later Lonnie was eviscerated into a burning length of hair-scorched flesh, bubbling on the manure.

A safe distance away from the stench, Feel said to the dragonfly, &#8220;Yes. I know.&#8221; She looked up into the sky at Aragorn the dragon who was flying away, covering the sun again.

&#8220;No I haven&#8217;t met him before. Obviously he&#8217;s new on the scene, and it&#8217;s over to him. I guess it&#8217;s his li&#8217;l Empire now.&#8221;

<hr class="wp-block-separator is-style-dots" />

If you liked that, why not have a look at another post inspired by Rory Story Cubes &#8230;&nbsp;[The City](https://adewils.com/writing/flash-fiction/the-city/)