---
published: false
date: 2021-11-07T00:00:00.000Z
extract: 'I wrote a what if story about Stevie Nicks, singer with Fleetwood Mac!'
---
## Stevie I Love You

Sam, was fuelling up, part of her getting-ready-to-go-out shtick.  She was wearing the short sequined red dress that was 2 dress sizes too small, and she was waving a glass about.  Sam’s hair was flying around her head and her mouth was like a gash.  She was shouting.  At me.   

When she paused for breath I said “Right! If that’s the way you want it. That’s me.  I’m gone.  Out of here.”  

Sam opened and closed her mouth, like my favourite goldfish. I grabbed the leather jacket I’d bought in 1974 for Bruce at Hammersmith, and the snakeskin suitcase I’d got off eBay from some guy calling himself Walter Becker.   

I opened the door, and limped through to the other side, gulping in great lungfuls of air.  Free at last, brother.  

“Where the hell do you think you’re going, Dex?”  

 “Where the hell do you think I’m going? I’m going.”  
 
“Yeah.  I said WHERE are you going Dexy?”  I hate it when people call me that.  Dexy.  

“It’s Dexter, Samantha, as you well know, and I’m going to find Stevie.”  

“Stevie freakin’ who?  Steve van Zandt?!”  She knows I have a penchant for Springsteen’s guitarist.  
Nah… nothing strange like that.  

“Stevie Nicks!”  I said over my shoulder as I hobbled towards the stairs.  

“Ha!” she shouted.  

There was the sound of a glass breaking against a wall, somewhere very close to me, and it seemed like Sam had finished her drink.  No Russians in her family that I could remember.  Well, they like chucking the old glass about don’t they?  Especially when they’re on the lash.  

There was her Uncle Vlad.  Vlad the Impaler, I called him.  But he was Hungarian wasn’t he?  Unless he’d taken Russian citizenship shortly after the Ruskies had blown into Budapest in ‘44.   

Putting that dichotomy to one side, once I was out of the front door, I dropped my case, found my best mate Dave’s phone number, and pressed Call.  

Dave didn’t dare have his phone on anything but vibrate in the flat, or Ashleigh would have killed him if he’d woken the baby.  I’d warned him not to set “Paranoid” as his ringtone.  But he never listens to me.  

He’s always been into heavy rock.  From Walsall you see. The Black Country.  Massive Sabbath fan he is.   

On my first day at the local 6th Form, we’d taken the afternoon off – well it was a free period – and we’d gone back to Dave’s house, together with his best mate, Bill.  

They put a Budgie album on and played air bass ‘n’ drums through the whole album.  (Yeah, that was before ‘air drum’n’bass’.)  

Dave’s got no class, but he’s a mate and I needed one tonight.  Eventually, he picked up.  
“Is that you?”  

“No.  It’s Ozzie.” said Dave in his heavy Brummie accent.  Always dreaming, that boy.  

“Yeah.  Right Dave.  Listen, I need a favour.”  

“I’m broke mate.  No dosh.  Ash took my last twenty tonight.”  

“It isn’t money I’m after mate.  Just some companionship.”  

“Hey?”  Of course I knew this was an alien concept to Dave.  

“I wondered if you fancied meeting me for a drink.  I’ve walked out on Sam.”

“Jesus!  What?  So I’m your backup plan, am I?”  

“I’ve had enough of her, and it, Dave.  I’m going to find my heart’s desire.”   

“Your what?”  

I paused, for max effect, then repeated my mantra.  

“I’m going to find my heart’s desire, Dave.”  

“Me? Jesus, Dex.  I dunno.  I know we’re mates and all, but…”  

“Not you, you idiot. Stevie ‘Gorgeous’ Nicks.”  

“Who?”  

I pawed at my head, trying to calm myself down.   

“Dave!  Don’t do this to me. Not tonight of all nights.  I’m really not in the mood.  The Bull’s Head...  15 minutes?”  

“I could go a pint though Dex.  Good job Sheryl’s staying at Ash’s Mum’s tonight.  Just one, mind.  See you soon.”  

It was chucking it down when I turned into the doorway of the Bull’s Head.  The regulars were in, naturally.  Clown Head, Digger, the Bull was there too.  Eddie Bull.  Not the Bull whose Head we were sheltering in.  Well the Head was there, but up on the wall.  And from the look on his face, he was in no mood for a chat.  

 “So how did it start?”  
 
“Well it all started when she cooked me Pizza Inferno instead of Funghi.”  He looked a bit disbelieving, but I carried on.  

“What do you think this is going to do for my IBS?” I said to her.  “Pizza Inferno?  You’ll know about an inferno later in bed I can tell you”.  

She said she’d told me a hundred times to sort my stomach issues out at the doctor’s, and I hadn’t done.  So these are the consequences.  “You eat what I give you or you cook for yourself.”  

“I said “What’s the difference if you’re buying pizza, why not buy something someone wants, instead of something you know is going to make them ill?”  

That’s when she started on the whisky; she was going out with the girls but all the same.  It was a bit early.  

“Yeah she’ll be telling Ash about it now, I expect.” moaned Dave.  

“When I protested about her drinking while she was cooking the tea, she threw a big bowl of strawberries at me.”  

Dave looked pained, not because he liked strawberries or any fruit really.  In fact fruit and Dave are a complete no-no.  

“Fair chinned me it did.  Look?” I pointed at my chin. As you would. “I kicked a cupboard then and I swear I nearly broke my big toe.  That was when I decided this was no way to live, told her and walked out.  Said I was going out.  To find love… with Stevie Nicks.”  I looked at him out of the corner of my eye.  

“Stevie who?”  

He only did it to get me going, so I didn’t punch him hard.  He’d known about me and Stevie, and how I’d adored her since the early days in Buckingham Nicks.  Everyone I knew, knew about me and Stevie.  That’s a lot of ‘knew’, I’ll tell you.  

“Thankfully no one’s ever told Lindsay.”  

“No mate. Who?”  Dave can be a git sometime.  So I carried on.  

“Well he wouldn’t have understood.”  

“And he’s a big guy.” said Dave. “So I hear anyway.  Yeah… a swimmer, apparently.”  

 “An All-American.” I said gloomily.  
 
“I wouldn’t be at all surprised.”  Dave certainly didn’t look amazed, so I had to agree.  

“So how are you really going to get off with La Nicks?  In Manchester, of all places?  After all, it isn’t Burbank.  Is it?”  

I had to agree with him, looking around the pub.  Clown Head was pretending to pull the head off a plastic chicken, Digger was trying to choke himself with a Grab bag of cheese and onion crisps, and Eddie was drinking from a yard of ale.  And the Head, well the Head was staring right at me, but I stared it out, and it slightly shifted its glower on to Dave, but he didn’t notice.  

“You’re bloody right there, Dex. She’d probably rust if she stepped outside the Arndale.”  

“Have you forgotten?  The Mac are in town Saturday at the MEN Arena.  Not a stone’s throw from here.  Sometimes Dave, I wonder what planet you’re living on.”  

“I’m not into that MOR, American shite. You know that.  It ain’t music.  It’s soap opera.  Your round dude.”  

“I thought you were only having one?”  

“No.  I said I could Go a pint.  Now I’m going to Go another one.  All right?”  It was more of an “All roight” really.  He gets more and more Black Country the more alcohol he has.  

When I’d got them in, I said “Dave, you ever thought why I find myself in relationships with women who have men’s names?”   

“Don’t think I want to think about that one.”  

“Wonder what Freud would have said?  

"Well hang him Dex!  And hang Henry, his stupid, stupid bloodhound too!” said Dave and sipped his pint, calmly. 

“Where are you sleeping tonight then?”  

“Yours.” I said.  

“Ash’ll take your head off if you do!”  

“Yeah, suppose you’re right.  Those 2 women are closer than us.  My Mum’s I suppose then.”
“Makes sense.”  

I didn’t see too much of Dave in the week leading up to the show.  I think Ash had warned him off.  He did turn up at my Mum’s one night, but I was in the bath with the radio on.  She never let on he’d called round.  Of my mates, he wasn’t my Mum’s favourite.  She never forgot him dissing her cakes when he was round for tea, one night after school.  He’d called them ‘rock cakes’ and she’d spent hours battling with those almond slices.  

No sign of Sam either.  My Mum wouldn’t have let her within 500 yards of the house.  She’d always thought Sam was a nutter.  I didn’t phone her, and she didn’t try to contact me.  

Dave said he’d been past the flat on Bin Day and there were several suspicious black plastic bags outside.  He didn’t want to check them out though.  

“Well there could have been anything in them. Your Sam… sorry Dex, I mean Sam has a cat doesn’t she?”  

“Yeah.  And a broomstick.”  

When I woke up on Thursday, I felt like it was a momentous day.  It was.  It was December 4th, 2003.    

This was the day I would meet Stevie Nicks and tell her everything I felt about her.  I had no idea how we were going to meet, but meet we would.  

I arrived at the MEN early, around 6pm.  I was alone.  After all, there was no room for threesomes I reasoned, while a little voice in my head jeered “Billy no- mates”.  

There weren’t many people around, just the usual security people, concession owners, and harassed looking officials.  

Over by one of the doors I clocked someone looking a bit awkward, shifting from one foot to another.  He was wearing an MEN badge.  It said ‘Edward Bull – Security’.
“Eddie!”  

He looked around like we were being watched.  Who spies on the spies, I thought.  You know.  Like you do.  Well suit yourself.  I do anyway.  

“Mr Bull, please Dex.  I’m on Security.”  

 “I know you are Eddie.  Your badge says you are.  So you must be.  But you don’t actually look very secure Ed.  Have more confidence, man!”  
 
“Give me a bit of time.  It’ll arrive.”  He didn’t look sure though.  

“Listen, mate.  Had a few pints before I started. You know just to get me feeling right.  But now I’m bursting.  Can you just wait here by this door.  Don’t let anyone in.”  

“Why.  What you got in here.  Stella?  Crisps?”  

“Only the freakin’ dressing rooms mate.  Here. Have my badge while I’m away.  No one’ll argue with you if you’re wearing this.  Glad to see you’ve made an effort tonight as well.  Nice suit.  Serge?”  

“No it’s Dex.  Pleased to meet you.”  I stuck out a hand but he didn’t take it, just threw me a look, like he felt sorry for me, then departed at a run, bending a bit low I thought, along the corridor, and finally went out of sight, around the curve of the arena.  

After a couple of minutes of standing there, when I’d managed a passable attempt at looking like a Security guy, staring out anyone who had the nerve to look momentarily in my direction, the door opened behind me.   

An effeminate voice, said “Hey fella?”  

I immediately turned round, a little warily.  

“Yep?”  I clenched and unclenched my hands nervously.  

“We’ve sent out for some champagne… Bollinger Blanc de Noirs for the band and some rare orchids Miss Nicks wanted.  Should have been here when we arrived but they weren’t.  She’s in a major depression.  If anyone calls with champagne or flowers, send ‘em right up these stairs will you?  My name’s Peter.”  

“I certainly will Peter.  Leave it in my capable hands.”  

I waited for the goodies to arrive, but Eddie came back instead.   

“Any problems Dex?”  

“Nada, mate.”  

“Eh?”  

“Nothing.  Did you do any languages at school Eddie?”  

He looked at me, then up at the ceiling, then back at me.  

“No Dex.  English was quite tough enough you know.”  

“Yeah mate.  I understand.  No, no it’s been deathly quiet here.”  

I think Ed said “Um” but he might have burped, I wasn’t sure.  Cultural differences you know. 

We said nothing more and looked around at the passers-by chatting excitedly about the gig.  

Then I said “Listen, you’re going to be so busy in an hour.  Here…”  

I pulled a bunch of £20 notes and gave him a couple.  

 “…you’ll have no time for a drink later.  Get yourself one now.”  
 
“Dex?”  He looked doubtful.  “Sure you can afford it?”  

“Yeah, really.  No worries.  Truth is, I’m enjoying wearing this badge.  It gives me a sense of power, y’know?”  

“Oh!” he smiled “I knew I was missing something mate.  You trying to get me fired?”  

“Come on.” I tried to sound appealing. “I’m just enjoying the Power.”    

“I got the power” I sang.  

“Oh yeah.  Snap!  Now they were a band.  None of this Hollywood shite.”  

“Really?  Well you’ll be the judge of that, Eddie.”  

“Germans, they were, Snap” said Eddie. “Listen if you’re sure Dex.  Just a quick one then.  I’ll be back in… what? 30 minutes.  Okay?”  

As he turned away he said “You know it just isn’t true what they say about you…”  

“What?  What mate? What do they say?” I said.  But he was gone.  Idiot, I thought.  I was thinking about Eddie, not me you understand.  

A snatch of a Mac song “Go Your Own Way” breezed into my head. Over an acoustic guitar “Lovin’ you, isn’t the right thing to do… ” I moved as the drums dug in, in my head.  I remembered the day I’d been on the Pont de Arts in Paris and attached the padlock on it, that said “Stevie / Dex 4 Ever”.  I was only steps away from my dream now.  

A walking bunch of the most exotic flowers I’d ever seen arrived in front of me.  The biggest bunch of flowers you’ve ever seen in your life.  Followed by a guy pushing a trolley with a crate of champagne on it.  

“Just one crate?  Better get another son, or they’ll cut you off at the legs” I said.  “They’re in the mood.  That Stevie’s gonna erupt because your orchids were late.  Jesus I wouldn’t wanna be in your shoes buddy.”  

He looked distinctly concerned.  “Well, I’ll see what I can do.”  

“Just put the crate inside the door will you?  I’ll be down for it in a minute.”  

I took the orchids off the small guy and saying “Cheers guys!” walked up the stairs.  

There was such a heavy cloud of perfume coming off the flowers that were stuck in my face, that I nearly swooned and my arms nearly broke, carrying them up the stairs.  

“Hi?” I said, through the perfumed garden, “Is Peter here?”  

A smoky soft female American voice said “Forget Peter.  Those babies are for me.  Just put them down, right here, will ya?”  

As I lowered the flowers, my knees went weak.  It was the blonde rock goddess herself.  

“Here you are… Miss Nicks” My voice was croaky but I think she understood.  

 “About time, anyways.”  
 
“I’m so sorry for the problem you’ve had.  My manager asked me to tell you if there’s anything at all I can do for you, just shout me and I’ll be there.”  

“Why thank you” she said, lowering her eyelashes over big eyes.  “You going to the show tonight?”  

“I haven’t got a ticket”, I lied.  I had one, but it was for a seat at the very back of the auditorium.  The Mac would look like pinheads from my seat.  

“Say, you’ve brought me some beautiful flowers and I was mad, but now I’m OK.  And I like the look of you, anyway…”  

At that moment a guy with steely greying hair, no, make that grey hair, and blue eyes, looked round the door.  Lindsay Buckingham as I live and breathe.  

“OK Stevie?  The guys want to go through some moves for the end of “Go Your Own Way”, if you could spare a little bit of your precious time, baby?”  

I suddenly blurted out “If I could baby, I’d give you my world.  How can I, if you won’t take it from me?”
 
Lindsay gave me a look that was much, much better than the Head’s look.  I think Lindsay could see through me to my bones.  

“You wanna gig in the band, son?  We could do with another backup singer.” I thought he was being serious, then his whole face creased up and I nearly went blind when his teeth flashed and he started laughing.  

I tried to join in, but I just don’t have the gnashers.  Dave was right.  I should have had my teeth whitened when that offer was on, in town.  

“Just give me a minute, honey and I’ll be right with you.” said the divine one to Mr All-American.

“I’m just in the next room, Stevie”  

“I know exactly where you are, honey.” But she didn’t look at him.  

 Eventually he closed the door behind him, but not before a long stare in my direction.   The jealous type, and no mistake.  
 
 “Now, where were we? Yes, I was going to say … have you a friend here with you tonight?”  
 
Was she going to suggest a foursome? I thought.  Maybe Christine Perfect was here too?  No, no way!
I couldn’t reveal I knew Eddie.  “No.  It’s just me.  On my own again.  Billy no-mates.”
“Oh really?  So where’s Billy?”  

“No.  It’s a saying.  It means I’m on my own.”  

She grabbed a brightly coloured pass with a chain from the dressing table and passed it to me.  

“Fancy watching from the front?  This’ll get you a seat somewhere in the first few rows and you can come to the after-show party.” Her graceful fingers wafted over at the perfumed garden lying on the chaise longue.  “I really love these flowers.”  

It was story book stuff.  It couldn’t really happen, could it?  

“Are you sure, Miss Nicks?  I’m so grateful.  I’ve always loved the band.  I’ll bring the champagne up now.”  

“Oh my god!  Not only orchids.  Now you bring me the nectar of the gods!  You certainly deserve that pass, young man.”  

When I brought the champagne back upstairs, she’d disappeared, but I could hear her saying “Sure I can do that Mick.  It sounds good.  So Linds and I have a play-fight on stage… And it’s the first time we’ve ever done this, and we’re onstage in 30 minutes, and you spring this on me now.  You guys…”  

But she didn’t sound mad.  

A gruff voice said “Yeah, you’ll look like a pair of boxing kangaroos.  It’ll be great!  John what do you think?”  

“Hang on, luv.  Sorry guys.  Can’t you see I’m on the phone to Chris. All right?”  

I had to go.  It was getting near show time.  When I got down stairs a mad Eddie Bull was waiting for me.    

“Where the hell have you been with my badge?  You are trying to get me the push aren’t you?” 
I managed to cool him down.  There’d been no damage.  I’d been helping the band.  

“All right.  No problem, I suppose.” he eventually said.  

I walked into the MEN feeling like a king.  The pre-show music was playing and a steward motioned me to a seat in the first few rows.  I looked around at the motley crew of fans arriving into the seats and I didn’t recognise any of them.  

The band came on to a mighty ovation, and looked on fabulous form.  I was sure Stevie was singing just to me.  

One of the most annoying thing about gigs is the people who insist on bringing pints of beer in those stupid collapsible plastic glasses, 3 at a time.  Especially the one who spilt 2 of them down my neck in his excitement when the band kicked into “Tusk”.  This one had been winding me up all night thumping the back of my seat with his knees every time he arrived back in his seat either from the toilet or the bar.  

I just turned round and shouted “That’s the last time you do that mate!” and tipped up his one surviving pint over his white t-shirt.  A full scale fight broke out, me in my row, him in his and now his mate joined in, while people ducked this way and that, to avoid getting involved.
Suddenly I could hear Lindsay saying “Stop it.  You guys stop it, right now.” and the music stopped.  

“You guys…. get out of here.  Get out of here.  Get out of here… you guys were hitting that guy.  Get the freak out of here.”  

I turned around to the stage and Stevie was looking right at me when she said “How dare you.”  I wanted the ground to swallow me up.  

“Get out of our concert.”  

That was about the time the stewards appeared and grabbed me and the 2 guys from the row behind, then dragged us down the corridor.  We passed Eddie open mouthed, still guarding his door.  
Then I was out on the street on my backside.  

There was no way I could get back into the Arena.  That was that.  My prospective life in America, my master plan, was over.  

I could hear the music had started up again.  Stevie’s voice echoed ethereally through the corridors to me.  


“Goodbye baby, I hope your heart’s not broken.   
Yes I was outspoken. 
You were with me all the time. 
I’ll be with you one day.”

I turned sadly away, and started walking back down the mean streets.  Back to Mum’s.

© ADRIAN WILSON 2013
